[Docs] Adds release notes for Kibana 9.2.1 (#242152)
elastic/kibana: docs/release-notes/index.md

% ### Fixes [kibana-X.X.X-fixes]
% *

## 9.2.1 [kibana-9.2.1-release-notes]

% ::::{NOTE}
% ::::

### Features and enhancements [kibana-9.2.1-features-enhancements]

**{{product.kibana}} platform**:
* The `defaultRoute` advanced setting now controls the target of the Elastic logo link for spaces using a solution view [#241571]({{kib-pull}}241571).
* Enforces the `object_src 'none'` directive in {{product.kibana}}'s Content Security Policy and introduces a new `csp.object_src` configuration option to control its behavior [#241029]({{kib-pull}}241029).

**Machine Learning**:
* Improves layout wrapping in Overview and Notifications {{product.machine-learning}} pages [#239113]({{kib-pull}}239113).

### Fixes [kibana-9.2.1-fixes]

**Alerting**:
* Fixes missing accessibility announcements in Cases [#240132]({{kib-pull}}240132).

**Dashboards and visualizations**:

> * Fixes an issue with links, maps and legacy visualize panel references lost when updating a dashboard [#241893]({{kib-pull}}241893).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue where references were being lost in Links, Maps, and legacy Visualize panels when updating a dashboard [#241893]({{kib-pull}}241893).
```
